feat!: support etcd cluster provisioning on dedicated nodes (#116)
sighupio/fury-kubernetes-on-premises: examples/playbooks/README.md

- 3 Master nodes
- 3 Worker nodes

> In the default setup, we also deploy etcd on the master nodes as a standalone systemd service. However, installation of the etcd cluster on dedicated nodes is also supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the default setup, we also deploy etcd on the control-plane nodes as a standalone systemd service. However, installation of the etcd cluster on dedicated nodes is also supported.
```
